Hi! I am floor, yes it might sound funny that I speak, and just for your information, I have feelings too.
I am sure you want to hear how I feel.
You might think that white coloured ‘me’ (floor) is the best. But it is not. They are the worst because it gets dirty as quick as anything. Do you know how it feels when your dirty, stinky, nasty, and surely filthy feet are rubbed on my face? Ohh, why am I thinking about that, it’s disgusting, you better know that. And despite all this insult, I give you a platform to walk, and if I did not exist, you would not exist too. But there is this one situation that is when babies crawl on my tummy. Hahaha! That tickly. Their small and cute grin puts me in the seventh heaven. The cuteness is so overloaded that it even falls out from my eyes, which are probably tears, I am not sure about that. I help many babies to walk on their feet. They sometimes fall but, at that time I make my belly soft so that they won’t get hurt and can continue to practice walking. I also wash myself invisibly so that babies stay clean while playing on my belly.
Hey! Do you know that I am everywhere? Yep, you heard me correct ‘everywhere’. I follow you wherever you go. Ohh wait, don’t get creeped out. I meant I follow everyone everywhere. Phew! It’s good that I made it clear. And yeah, you can trust me and consider me as your friend.
I am almost different in various houses.
Poor people can’t afford good-looking me, that is why they have ‘not so good looking me’. But at least they respect me by sitting on the ground, but there is one problem, I don’t like the smell when they fart. Ohh! That smell is pathetic. I sometimes even get suffocated when their butt is on my nose and the atrocious part is when they cut the cheese, Holy Crap!
Now let’s come to the so-called ‘rich people’. They have big money so they can afford an exceptionally good-looking me. They don’t even respect me. Everyone sits on the dining table whose legs hurt me. Sometimes they even put rubber on most of the furniture’s legs to take care that I would not get a mark, wait don’t think that they love me, in fact, they are so mean that they do that so that I don’t get stains and put down their reputation in front of their fellow rich friends.
You and your family’s mood is partially dependent on me. You ask me how? When I am dull the whole room looks dull and it’s proven scientifically, that a dull room makes people dull. And when I am bright the whole room is bright, and your mood is the same too.
I like this specific period when we get our house renovated. I get to make new siblings. But sometimes the sharp edges of my sibling hurt me too much. But then too I love my siblings.
I also like when you bathe me. You all make sure that I am clean. Whenever I get hurt, you fill up my cracks with love. You, humans, are so kind. Thank you, my human friends!
I want to tell you how sorry I am. You are asking me why? Because......Wait! will you get angry if I tell you this, I am sure you would not because we both are friends and friends understand each other, right? So, what I was saying, yeah, I owe you an apology because whenever you drop something like crockery or a glass sculpture and many other brittle things, they break, and I can’t make myself soft at that time because I am not a human and my reflexes are trash. So please forgive me, my friend.
When water spills on me you don’t worry about me. Do you know that I am always thirsty, so when you spill water, I simply drink some.
Now tell me one thing, at one instant you can see how many things, I am sure that, you can see only one thing at a time. But do you know I can see two houses at a time. The one above and the one bellow. I like the above house because the people take care of me. The bellow house people don’t even look at me.
I am primarily naked in most of the houses. I don’t like that at all that’s shameful for me too. I like how some houses don’t keep me naked and put a carpet which is like clothing for me.

